README.md, before:

# splunk-appdynamics
Splunk Add-on &amp; App for AppDynamics


## What's Needed?
- Downloads
    - Splunk Add-on for AppDynamics
    - Splunk App for AppDynamics


- AppDynamics Information
    - AppDynamics Collector URL (host & port)
    - AppDynamics Authorization Token
    
**Note:** Your AppDynamics Authorization Token is created by endocding your userid, password and account secret in a base64 hash.
To Create this token issue the following command from a *nix command line: 
```
echo -n 'user@customer1:secret' | base64
```
Save the resulting output. This will be your Authorization token.

More details can be found on the AppDynamics website here:
https://docs.appdynamics.com/display/PRO42/Using+the+Controller+APIs#UsingtheControllerAPIs-Authentication


## Installation
The installation consists of installing both the *Splunk Add-on for AppDynamics* and the *Splunk App for AppDynamics*.   The Add-on is responsible for executing the rest calls and collecting the data from AppDynamics.  The App provides the dashboards and saved searches.  To install, navigate to Apps --> Manage Apps and select the “Install app from File” button.  Specify the location of the file you downloaded and install.   

## Configuration
The Splunk Add-on for AppDynamics contains two separate input types:
- AppDynamics Summary
- Single API Call

In most cases you will only need to use the AppDynamics Summary input.  


## Start Searching
Once the Splunk Add-on for AppDynamics is installed and configured you can execute searches using: 
```
sourcetype="appdynamcis_summary"
```

----  

# Additional OPTIONAL Configurations
----
### Additional Inputs

#### Single AppDynamics API Call
In some cases you may not want all of the Summary data or you may only need a very specifc metric for a single application.  For these cases, use the AppDynamics Single API Call input type. In this case, you will also need to specify an application name, the url path and the specific metric path found in the AppDynamics Metric Browser.  While in the AppDynamics Metric Browser, identify the metric you would like to capture and right-click to copy the "Full Path".  This is the value you will use for an AppDynamics Single API Call data input. 

- Click the **Configure New Input** button and select **New Relic Single API Call**
- Enter your API call parameters and save

Now start searching using 
```
sourcetype="appdynamics_single_api_call”
```

Commit message:

Added Analytics API & Updated to Python 3 support

README.md, after:

# splunk-appdynamics
Splunk Add-on &amp; App for AppDynamics


## What's Needed?
- Downloads
    - Splunk Add-on for AppDynamics
    - Splunk App for AppDynamics


- AppDynamics Information
    - AppDynamics Collector URL (host & port)
    - AppDynamics Authorization Token
    


More details on AppDynamics APIs can be found on the AppDynamics website here:
https://docs.appdynamics.com/display/PRO45/Using+the+Controller+APIs


## Installation
The installation consists of installing both the *Splunk Add-on for AppDynamics* and the *Splunk App for AppDynamics*.   The Add-on is responsible for executing the rest calls and collecting the data from AppDynamics.  The App provides the dashboards and saved searches.  To install, navigate to Apps --> Manage Apps and select the “Install app from File” button.  Specify the location of the file you downloaded and install.   

## Configuration
The Splunk Add-on for AppDynamics contains three separate input types:
- AppDynamics Summary
- AppDynamics API
- AppDynamics Analytics API

In most cases you will only need to use the AppDynamics Summary input.  


## Start Searching
Once the Splunk Add-on for AppDynamics is installed and configured you can execute searches using: 
```
sourcetype="appdynamcis_summary"
```

----  

# Additional OPTIONAL Configurations
----
### Additional Inputs


#### Single AppDynamics API Call
In some cases you may not want all of the Summary data or you may only need a very specifc metric for a single application.  For these cases, use the AppDynamics Single API Call input type. In this case, you will also need to specify an application name, the url path and the specific metric path found in the AppDynamics Metric Browser.  While in the AppDynamics Metric Browser, identify the metric you would like to capture and right-click to copy the "Full Path".  This is the value you will use for an AppDynamics Single API Call data input. 

- Click the **Configure New Input** button and select **AppDynamics API**
- Enter your API call parameters and save

Now start searching using 
```
sourcetype="appdynamics:api”
```

#### AppDynamics Analytics Events API Call
This input provides the ability to query data from AppDynamics Analytics Events API.  The inputs are very different from the other 2 inputs.   This input requires your 'Global Account Name' as well an API Key to access the data.  More details 

More details on this API can be found here:
https://docs.appdynamics.com/display/PRO45/Analytics+Events+API

- Click the **Configure New Input** button and select **AppDynamics Analytics API**
- Enter your API call parameters and save

Now start searching using 
```
sourcetype="appdynamics:analytics”
```
